Migrate asset types page (#823)
centrapay/centrapay-docs: src/content/api/asset-types.mdx

---

> title: Supported Asset Types 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Asset Types 
```

IMO this looks better in the nav bar ✨

---
title: Asset Types
description: Asset types supported for payment
draft: true
nav:
  path: API

>   order: 10 

Reviewer: Should this be 12? How are you counting this?
It's the 12 based on the existing docs site.

Author: Updated

---
title: Asset Types
description: Asset types supported for payment
draft: true
nav:
  path: API
  order: 10
---

The following table describes the Asset Types supported for payments.

Asset types support live and test assets unless specified by supplying the correct suffix e.g. `centrapay.nzd.main` for live and `centrapay.nzd.test` for test.

> The Category column refers to the Centrapay asset type representation if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Category column refers to the Centrapay [Asset category](/api/assets/) representation if
```

Author: I have removed this line. It was a previous iteration of the table. I have now updated to have it mentioned in the legend instead.
